## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

I have worked with git and GitHub in the past so I was a little familiar with it. It was actually already on my computer and I already had a GitHub account. I didn't have the Mac app for GitHub, so I learned something new that makes it easier to add/delete/edit repositories. I did learn from a video that people view the GitHub Mac app to be the lazy way, and instead it's better to just get used to using GitHub from the terminal.

Git is basically a version control software that allows you to track changes made to your code. Git is like taking snapshots of your code and saving them. It is like pressing the save button on your Microsoft Word file, but it is better because it tracks every change made to your code. It also helps you create copies of your code, called branches, so you can make edits on them, and merge it back into the main code. Git lives on your computer and GitHub lives on the internet. GitHub works with Git and serves as a internet management system that helps collaborate multiple people working on the same code. Git is like saving your work and editing it on your personal flash drive. GitHub is like Dropbox, where you can store, share, and edit files with multiple people on the internet.

Version control helps coders working in a team efficiently make changes to lines of code they are working on. It not only helps all the team members make their own changes and sync it to a master file, but it also keeps track of all changes made to the files. It helps push or pull changes made on lines of codes and files, and help sync it on every team member's personal computer. GitHub is the online software platform that serves as a cloud for all the team members, linking them together as they push or pull common files. One person in the group can edit a file using Git then push it up to the cloud, transfering the changes to GitHub. A second person working on the team can pull from the cloud, transfering the common updated file to their own computer. GitHub also keeps track of changes incase someone in the group messes up a line of code. GitHub also helps identify changes made by multiple users on a single code snippet, so you can solve any contradictions in the code.

Developers use version control because it helps keep track of changes made to code. You can easily cause your code to not work by the smallest mistake or deletion, but if you have a software that keeps track of your changes, you can always revert back to previous versions. Git helps have a snapshot of your coding, so you can see where you have made changes and edits, kind of like a history file on your internet explorer.

The part that doesn't make sense to me is why we have so many commands to push our edits into github. You have to git add, git commit, and git push. Why can't it just be git push and boom, it would automatically sync into github (kind of like pressing the save button on your Microsoft Word file). The git and github concept makes sense to me. I understand how it helps coders who are working together in teams all across the world collaborate and work together efficiently with a single coding project.
