# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

Responsive web design is designing in a way that your website adjusts to the screen size that you use. Anything from your smart phone, to tablets, to desktops. Responsive web design helps you make websites that function across all screens without having to make numerous websites, one for each screen type. It would be a whole lot more work knowing if you wanted to update anything, you would have to do it to 3 different web pages for your 3 screen sizes. With responsive web design, you don't have to worry about that since you are making a webpage that adjusts to any screen size. I think its an awesome practice. Less work for the programmer and have the ability to target all media users checking out your website. It will be very important to web development because more and more viewers are using smart phones and tablets to view websites and applications.

Smart phone and tablets have changed web design by making it more complicated. Before, you just had to worry about one screen size, now you have to worry about at least 3. This creates more problems and more work for the designer. On top of all that, you have to also have separate analytics for each type of device your website is on and different marketing strategies. For example, what if you had a hotel booking site and you learn that desktop users care more about reviews and viewing pictures of the hotels. They spend more time on that on the desktop, but smart phone viewers who see your site care mainly about getting to the reservations page as fast as they can. You will have to take into consideration how to make those adjustments and even before that, figure out from your analytics how smart phone viewers and desktop viewers are different. I think new technology will change web design in the future by making it more complicated just how responsive web design has done in the past few years. However, I do believe that as much as technology gets more complicated, there will be discoveries of new tools that will help assist programmers with how to tackle these problems.

I absolutely believe visually impaired people should use the web. They should be able to access content on web pages just like anyone else. Visually impaired people are able to use the web with many tools out there such as Voiceover for Mac or narrator for windows. I am sure there are more tools out there for them and more being created as the awareness for them increases. We should definitely design and and develop for them because they have every right to access web pages like anyone else. There are many strategies to implement to help design web pages that help visually impaired people, such as keeping in mind colors that will be used for your webpage. Certain colors work better for clarity and readability.

The importance of responsive design has definitely resonated with me. I understand the elements of what happens when you make a web page responsive, I just haven't understood how to do it. I understand the basics of developing an HTML page, but there is so much more to learn. I feel like I see something new every time I open up an HTML file. I want to get better at being able to read HTML so I understand every element of it. I also want to get the hang of CSS because I understand how to change elements, but sometimes there are so many elements within elements that I sometimes get confused what exactly to change or edit. I do understand HTML 5 changes that have been made, but need more clarification as to how to use it. I did understand the first step in making a webpage responsive is by changing the context into em instead of px. I do understand the forumla of target/context = em. I am just not sure what exact elements in the CSS file that is in the practice file needs to be changed. I tried to change some elements in terms of font-size but it didn't really do anything.