# U1.W2: Thinking About Time Reflection

* What is your biggest time management challenge with during Phase 0? 
* How will you combat that? 
* What techniques will you try?
* What is your overall plan for Phase 0?

My biggest time management challenge during Phase 0 is the balance between my work, my parents' work, my business work, and DBC work. The challenge of my work is that I work in retail as an assistant manager at Guess. My store is a multi-million revenue making store and one of the top 50 stores in the nation. The store is not just of very high importance to the company, but as well as the level of my responsibilities. Next is my parents' work. They own hotels and motels and my responsibility with them is that I currently handle all the online marketing for their business. It is a very important in the industry now because nearly everyone who wants to find a place to stay searches online and books online. My job is to get that share of people into my parent's hotel and I've been doing well by increasing online reveneues by 86% last year and still continuing to grow. Next is my business work. My best friend and I have recently explored into franchising a retail business. We have recently signed franchise agreements and are in progress of starting the store, which will still take 3-4 months to open up. And lastly, as you know the DBC phase 0 work is not a jog in the park. For me, it is not immensly difficult, just time consuming. I am not sure about the other students, but I have found that this work is taking longer than 10-15 hours a week. Maybe I'm doing something wrong or thinking too into detail?

I will combat my work at Guess by eventually quiting. This month will be my last month at Guess. I did plan on quitting earlier, but the store manager is on maternity leave until mid June so the store is already a manager down. Me leaving would make the store 2 managers down and cause difficulty for the other managers. My parents' work is not very time intensive and I can do it remotely from anywhere, all I need is a good internet connection. I will combat my business work, by planning out things more in advance until waiting the last minute. We were in the feasibilty phase, validating if the business will work or not and making financial projections. Since we just signed the agreements this past week, our focus is now on making sure everything goes smoothly. Finally, how to combat DBC Phase 0 work is by making sure I catch up on everything I am behind in and progress. I catch up and then get behind over little details.

I need to try the a technique of focusing one task at a time. I need to break down my tasks into small tasks in order. Then focus one at a time on each one and finish it completely before moving on to the next. I have been skipping around in the assignments and I feel like maybe I am wasting time there. I also need to set a specific time to get the work done. I feel like sometimes I just continue to work on something, doing more than I need to and wasting time that I don't have.

I think my overall plan for phase 0 is to catch up on the stuff I am behind in. I need to start earlier in the week to complete my assignments because I know I fall behind. Starting early will help me have time to ask for help if I need it, and have more time to complete the assignments and get them turned in on time. I might try out the pomodoro technique with each of the assignments using my phone. This will help me not spend so much time on any one activity.